You've learned how to make use of your friend 
grep I see. If you haven't it might be wise for 
you to go back to the Library again to do some 
reading. Because here, you'll need to use him to 
help you. Here is your task:  
There are a lot of items in the MoreKernelFiles 
room and one of them contains the sudo password. 
This password is very powerful password that lets 
you do absolutely anything in the world. It lets 
you cast a spell on any item that is protected in 
any way. You know the password is contained in 
one of these .txt items. You know that it appears 
on a line that says the word: 'password='. You 
should find it with grep's help. Then you'll need 
to use the sudo spell to find Paradise. To do 
this, just Type 'sudo' before the command you 
want to run, like so: 'sudo cp ITEM_A ITEM_B'. 
You will then be prompted for the sudo password. 
Type the password, and the spell that comes after 
sudo will be cast. If you open the Certificate in 
Paradise with sudo, you will have truly found 
Paradise.
